# Cerbose Documentation
This is a documentation is fragmented (split into 10 files).

## Introduction
**Skip reading this introduction if you want to. You won't miss any info.**  
Cerbose is a very simple Python library, so this documentation on it shouldn't be hard to understand. This document serves the purpose of going more in-depth than any other creator-made Cerbose information source (website, README), obviously excluding the source code itself. The goal of this is to allow you, the programmer, to effectively use Cerbose in your projects and understand how to use its various functions.  

## Table of Contents
Yes, I put the table of contents after the introduction. So what? I think it looks cool.
1. Introduction (`1.md`): The page you're probably on right now.
2. Installation (`2.md`): Showing how to install Cerbose, just like any other Python library.
3. Post-Installation (`3.md`): Steps after installation to verify a successful install. Or, just use `pip show cerbose`.
4. Features (`4.md`): RECOMMENDED way to import Cerbose. **TL;DR:**  `import cerbose`, newline, `from cerbose import cprint, mprint`.
5. INTERNAL_SUBSITUTE (`internal_subsitute`): Names to input for functions that use colours. Just read this document please.
6. cprint/mprint (`cprint.md`): How to use the `cprint()` and `mprint()` functions (deep dive into everything)
7. cerbar (`cerbar.md`): How to use the `cerbar()` function (deep dive into everything)
8. cin (`cin.md`): How to use the `cin()` function (deep dive into everything)
9. Configuration (`config.md`): How to use configuration files for Cerbose. (`defconf()` function)
10. Known Issues (`issues.md`)
11. Ending (`8-12.md`): Obvious.
